# Cookie Jar 2.0
    #### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/c6llFtPlsbs
    #### Description:
    
    Hello, everyone my name is Arye Khadka. As my final project in the CS50P course I decided to make an upgraded version of the cookie jar problem in problem set 8. I made an interactive "game" in which we can set the jar size, deposit, eat and display the cookies on the screen. When the "game" first starts we will be prompted to a home screen in which any key can be pressed in order to continue to the next surface(window). We call it surface in pygame so hence i will be calling it that from now on.
    The next surface is gonna be a text box in which the user can type. It is required to enter numbers since jar's sizes are gonna be numbers, i havent thought of number words(one, two) but upon entering letters or words or symbols in the jar size, you will be faced with an error. After the jar size window comes the action surface where the user can select a number to acitons of perform. There are 4 "buttons" each being Eat, Deposit, Display and Exit. Initially, the jar is empty so, eating any number of cookies will raise an error. First, deposit a number of cookies <= jar size again, integers letters or words will raise an error. Then after depositing the cookies you can either eat(withdraw) or display them on the screen. If eating, then the entered number will be reduced from the jar capacity which contains the number of cookies deposited. If displaying, the cookies will be displayed at the bottom of the window according to the number of cookies left in the jar. The final option in the action window is exit which is straight forward it exits the program. Thank you for reading this and thank you CS50 for this amazing course.